Update style guide re: include file usage (#14459)
cockroachdb/docs: StyleGuide.md

Example: [Decommission Nodes](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/remove-nodes.html#step-1-check-the-node-before-decommissioning)

<a name="include-files"></a>

### Include files

Sometimes content needs to be duplicated across two or more pages in the documentation. For example, there may be several pages that need the same cluster setup, but describe how to use different features. Or a very specific [note](#notes) or [warning](#warnings) needs to be added to several different pages.

> In these situations, you will need to use something we call an _include file_. An include file is a separate Markdown file (stored in `_includes/{version}/some/shared-file.md`) where you will write content to be shared across multiple pages.

Reviewer: There's also `common` (non-version specific includes) and `cockroachcloud`.

Author: I changed this from `{version}` to `_includes/some/shared-file.md` and then added the `common` folder to the list of folders discussed below in the 'Basic' section

For more information about include files, see [the Jekyll `include` documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/includes/).

_Note_: Using include files adds complexity to the docs site architecture and build process. It also makes writing the documentation more tricky. If you can link to existing content rather than using an include file, strongly consider doing that instead.

> There are [basic](#basic-include-file-usage) and [advanced](#advanced-include-file-usage) methods for using include files. Use the basic method unless you are sure you need the advanced.

Reviewer: We'll also need a section on `remote_include`, maybe as a subsection of "Advanced include file usage".

Example: [Decommission Nodes](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/remove-nodes.html#step-1-check-the-node-before-decommissioning)

<a name="include-files"></a>

### Include files

Sometimes content needs to be duplicated across two or more pages in the documentation. For example, there may be several pages that need the same cluster setup, but describe how to use different features. Or a very specific [note](#notes) or [warning](#warnings) needs to be added to several different pages.

> In these situations, you will need to use something we call an _include file_. An include file is a separate Markdown file (stored in `_includes/some/shared-file.md`) where you will write content to be shared across multiple pages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In these situations, you will need to use an _include file_. An include file is a separate Markdown file (stored in `_includes/some/shared-file.md`) where you will write content to be shared across multiple pages.
```

For more information about include files, see [the Jekyll `include` documentation](https://jekyllrb.com/docs/includes/).

> _Note_: Using include files adds complexity to the docs site architecture and build process. It also makes writing the documentation more tricky. If you can link to existing content rather than using an include file, strongly consider doing that instead.

Author: sure thing!  added "because instead of working on text in one document, the writer has to jump between two or more files"

There are [basic](#basic-include-file-usage) and [advanced](#advanced-include-file-usage) methods for using include files. Use the basic method unless you are sure you need the advanced.

<a name="basic-include-file-usage"></a>

#### Basic include file usage

The basic method for using an include file is:

1. Find (or create) a block of content that you want to make appear on two or more different pages.

> 2. Create a new file in the subdirectory of the `_includes` directory associated with the product you are working on. For example, if you are working on CockroachDB Self-Hosted v22.1, the directory will be `_includes/v22.1/`. If you are working on CockroachDB Dedicated, it will be `_includes/cockroachcloud`. If the include text is not version- or product-specific, it can go in the `common` folder.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Create a new file in the subdirectory of the `_includes` directory associated with the product you are working on. For example, if you are working on CockroachDB Self-Hosted v22.1, the directory will be `_includes/v22.1/`. If you are working on CockroachDB Dedicated, it will be `_includes/cockroachcloud`. If the include text is not version- or product-specific, it can go in the `common` folder.
```

Author: Updated - thanks!

> 3. From the pages where you want the included content to appear, add an `include` tag that looks like one of the following: for CockroachDB Self-Hosted, it will look like `{% include {{page.version.version}}/some/shared-file.md %}`; for CockroachDB Dedicated, it will look like `{% include cockroachcloud/some/shared-file.md %}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. From the pages where you want the included content to appear, add an `include` tag that looks like one of the following: for CockroachDB Self-Hosted, it will look like `{% include {{page.version.version}}/some/shared-file.md %}`; for CockroachDB Dedicated, it will look like `{% include cockroachcloud/some/shared-file.md %}`.
```

The contents of `shared-file.md` will now appear on all of the pages where you added the `include` tag.

<a name="advanced-include-file-usage"></a>

#### Advanced include file usage

##### Different content depending on page name

There may be cases where the content of the include file will need to vary slightly depending on what pages that content is being shared into. For example, while working on [cockroachdb/docs#12216](https://github.com/cockroachdb/docs/pull/12216),  I needed a way to:

- Have text be a link on the [Known Limitations](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/known-limitations) page.
- Have that same text _not_ be a link on the [Cost-Based Optimizer](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/stable/cost-based-optimizer) page (since it would be a self-referring link).

The way to do this in Jekyll (with its templating language Liquid) is to add the following content to an include file that is shared into both pages:

>     {% if page.name == "cost-based-optimizer.md" %} Locality-optimized search {% else %} [Locality-optimized search](cost-based-optimizer.html#locality-optimized-search-in-multi-region-clusters) {% endif %} only works for queries selecting a limited number of records (up to 10,000 unique keys). Also, It does not yet work with [`LIMIT`](limit-offset.html) clauses.

Reviewer 3: Typo: "Also, It does not yet work with" I think there is a cap on "It" here.

Author: Fixed, thanks!

The syntax is a little hard to read inline, but based on some experimenting it appears that it _must_ be written as one line so as not to introduce line breaks in the resulting text.

Formatted for easier reading, the template code looks like:

```
{% if page.name == "cost-based-optimizer.md" %}  
Locality-optimized search  
{% else %}  
[Locality-optimized search](cost-based-optimizer.html#locality-optimized-search-in-multi-region-clusters)  
{% endif %}  
```

> ##### Different content depending on Dedicated or Self-Hosted

Author: Updated

> ##### Different content depending on Cockroach Cloud or Self-Hosted

Reviewer 3: Nit: "Cockroach Cloud" --> "CockroachCloud"

Author: Updated in the title and the first sentence of the paragraph!

> Sometimes, an include file must be used on both a Self-Hosted and a Dedicated page. This requires that the links are resolved differently depending on the page the include file is being shared into.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes, an include file must be used on both a Cockroach Cloud and a Self-Hosted page. This requires that the links be resolved differently depending on the page the include file is referenced from.
```

Author: Updated!

For instructions showing how to use relative links that differ depending on the page type, see [Use relative links to Cloud and Core topics in _include files](https://cockroachlabs.atlassian.net/wiki/x/woBZl).

_Note_: In the previous link, Cloud = Dedicated and Core = Self-Hosted.

<a name="remote-includes"></a>

##### Remote includes

> Sometimes we need to include files that are maintained in other places than the `cockroachdb/docs` repo but referenced in our docs. The `remote_include` tag is used for this. We most often use this tag for:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sometimes you need to include files that are maintained in other places than the `cockroachdb/docs` repo but referenced in our docs. The `remote_include` tag is used for this. We most often use this tag for:
```

- SQL diagrams, which are maintained in the `cockroachdb/cockroach` repo
- Code samples, which are maintained in various repos

> For SQL diagrams, we remotely include the entire (HTML) file like so:

Author: Updated

```
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachdb/generated-diagrams/release-22.1/grammar_svg/show_databases.html %}
```

> For code samples, we usually want to show only part of a larger file to highlight a specific technique, or due to length considerations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For code samples, you usually want to show only part of a larger file to highlight a specific technique, or due to length considerations.
```

Author: Done

> To accomplish this, the `remote_include` tag has a feature whereby you can pass arguements (usually named `START {text}` and `END {text}` by convention) that tell it to pull in the text of the remote file between `START {text}` and `END {text}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To accomplish this, the `remote_include` tag has a feature whereby you can pass arguements (usually named `START {text}` and `END {text}` by convention) that pull in the text of the remote file between `START {text}` and `END {text}`.
```

Author: Updated

> To accomplish this, the `remote_include` tag lets you pass arguements (usually named `START {text}` and `END {text}` by convention) that pull in the text of the remote file between `START {text}` and `END {text}`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To accomplish this, the `remote_include` tag lets you pass arguments (usually named `START {text}` and `END {text}` by convention) that pull in the text of the remote file between `START {text}` and `END {text}`.
```

Author: Fixed , thanks!  Forgot to run spellcheck

Also rebased onto master branch

> For example, in the file `movr-flask-application.md` (which becomes the page [Develop a Global Web Application](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/v22.1/movr-flask-application.html)), the following `remote_include` appears:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, in the file `movr-flask-application.md` (which becomes the page [Develop a Global Web Application](https://www.cockroachlabs.com/docs/v22.1/movr-flask-application.html)), has the following `remote_include`:
```

Author: Done

```

> {% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachlabs/movr-flask/v2-doc-includes/dbinit.sql |-- START database |-- END database %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% remote_include https://raw.githubusercontent.com/cockroachlabs/movr-flask/v2-doc-includes/dbinit.sql ||-- START database ||-- END database %}
```
Latest v1.1.6 update to `remote_include` plugin uses two pipes (`||`) as the separator.

Author: Thanks Ian! Updated to use two pipes

```

> If you browse to the `dbinit.sql` file linked above, you will find the following SQL code block that uses those start and end tags:

Author: Done

```
-- START database
CREATE DATABASE movr PRIMARY REGION "gcp-us-east1" REGIONS "gcp-us-east1", "gcp-europe-west1", "gcp-us-west1";
-- END database

> 

Reviewer 3: Not sure, but should there be a trailing line at the end of the code block?

Author: nope, deleted it - thanks!

```

For more information about the `remote_include` tag, see the README in the [jekyll-remote-include](https://github.com/cockroachdb/jekyll-remote-include) repo.

#### Technical limitations of include files

Include files have the following technical limitations:

- They cannot be used in [Markdown tables](#tables). For example, this is why [the guidance about how to use version tags in tables](#version-tags-tables) is provided.
- A [remote include](#remote-includes) file in another repo that contains an [include file](#include-files) that references something in `cockroachdb/docs` will fail to pull in and render that include file.

> - Include files with a paragraph followed by a code block may not render correctly in all cases in the files they are included from due to a possible limitation in our [Markdown](#markdown) renderer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Include files containing a paragraph followed by a code block do not render correctly in the context of both paragraphs and list in the files they are included from due to a limitation in our [Markdown](#markdown) renderer. 
```

Author: Done
